README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
    Willow
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
    An offline, open-source Traditional Chinese dictionary software for advanced learners with a focus on Taiwanese Mandarin.
</h4>

<img src="https://github.com/HalfAnAvocado/willow/blob/9bfb0346b97d23d17fe210d88df442f2bb14ae3f/assets/screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot">

## 🤔 Why Willow?

TODO

## ✨ Features

TODO

## 💡 Feature requests

TODO

## 🪲 Bug reports

TODO

## 🌟 Contributing

TODO

## 🗒️ Code of Conduct

TODO

## 🛠️ Building

### Dependencies

- JDK 21

### Building from source (all platforms) - Gradle

The project is built with Gradle. Run Gradle to build the project and to run the tests using the following command on Unix/macOS:

```sh
./gradlew build
```

## 🔑 License

All source code in this repository is licensed under a [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0), unless noted otherwise.

To the following third-party code, data, and files in the repository different licenses apply:

### CC-CEDICT

[CC-CEDICT](https://cc-cedict.org) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

### 兩岸詞典 (LAC)

[兩岸詞典](https://github.com/g0v/moedict-data-csld/blob/a1e91196f84cd2f3456570906191615f477278c8/%E5%85%A9%E5%B2%B8%E8%A9%9E%E5%85%B8.xlsx) made available by the [中華文化總會](https://www.gacc.org.tw/) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Taiwan License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/tw/deed.en).

### 重編國語辭典修訂本 (MoE)

[重編國語辭典修訂本](https://language.moe.gov.tw/001/Upload/Files/site_content/M0001/respub/index.html) made available by the [中華民國教育部](https://www.edu.tw/) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 Taiwan License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0/tw/deed.en).

### Noto Sans TC

[Noto Sans TC](https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans+TC) is licensed under the [SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1](http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).

### TW-Kai

[TW-Kai](https://data.gov.tw/dataset/5961) is licensed under the [SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1](http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).

Commit message:

Fix font issues and add Inter as main font

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
    Willow
</h1>

<h4 align="center">
    An offline, open-source Traditional Chinese dictionary software for advanced learners with a focus on Taiwanese Mandarin.
</h4>

<img src="https://github.com/HalfAnAvocado/willow/blob/9bfb0346b97d23d17fe210d88df442f2bb14ae3f/assets/screenshot.png" alt="Screenshot">

## 🤔 Why Willow?

TODO

## ✨ Features

TODO

## 💡 Feature requests

TODO

## 🪲 Bug reports

TODO

## 🌟 Contributing

TODO

## 🗒️ Code of Conduct

TODO

## 🛠️ Building

### Dependencies

- JDK 21

### Building from source (all platforms) - Gradle

The project is built with Gradle. Run Gradle to build the project and to run the tests using the following command on Unix/macOS:

```sh
./gradlew build
```

## 🔑 License

All source code in this repository is licensed under a [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0), unless noted otherwise.

To the following third-party code, data, and files in the repository different licenses apply:

### CC-CEDICT

[CC-CEDICT](https://cc-cedict.org) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

### 兩岸詞典 (LAC)

[兩岸詞典](https://github.com/g0v/moedict-data-csld/blob/a1e91196f84cd2f3456570906191615f477278c8/%E5%85%A9%E5%B2%B8%E8%A9%9E%E5%85%B8.xlsx) made available by the [中華文化總會](https://www.gacc.org.tw/) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Taiwan License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/tw/deed.en).

### 重編國語辭典修訂本 (MoE)

[重編國語辭典修訂本](https://language.moe.gov.tw/001/Upload/Files/site_content/M0001/respub/index.html) made available by the [中華民國教育部](https://www.edu.tw/) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 Taiwan License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0/tw/deed.en).

### Inter

[Inter](https://rsms.me/inter/) is licensed under the [SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1](http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).

Copyright (c) 2016 The Inter Project Authors (https://github.com/rsms/inter)

### Noto Sans CJK

[Noto Sans CJK](https://github.com/notofonts/noto-cjk) is licensed under the [SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1](http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).

### TW-Kai

[TW-Kai](https://data.gov.tw/dataset/5961) is licensed under the [SIL Open Font License, Version 1.1](http://scripts.sil.org/OFL).
